Match reviewer flags to reference annotations. Model identities are withheld. Do not browse or access unrelated files. This is semantic matching, not verification of the scientific truth of the reference annotation or reviewer allegation. For each annotation, list zero-based prediction indexes whose specific faulty mechanism agrees with it at a compatible location. A generic criticism, request for improvements, missing justification in a different theorem, or mere shared topic is NOT a match. A genuinely equivalent precise counterexample or algebraic explanation may match. Empty lists mean no match. References can be vague: when the reference gives no mechanism, a named-location criticism is insufficient unless it explicitly corresponds to the reference claim; explain uncertainty. Evaluate both A and B by identical standards. Include a short rationale for each; do not provide an internal reasoning walkthrough. Return JSON only matching the schema.

{"annotations": [{"location": "Overall", "description": "The error is that the recombinant protein fragments used for at least three kinases do not include their respective kinase domains, meaning the reagents do not have intrinsic kinase activity and the experimental results do not reflect actual kinase function for those proteins."}], "A": [{"location": "Methods, recombinant kinase constructs; Results, mass spectrometry of EPHA6 and GAB1", "description": "The reported EPHA6 autophosphorylation sites are outside the stated recombinant construct. A protein comprising EPHA6 residues 683–1130 cannot contain EPHA6 residues 259 or 484, so the reported site assignments cannot describe this construct without an unexplained change in residue numbering or protein identity.", "evidence": "The purchased EPHA6 construct is listed as 'AA range R683-V1130'; the mass-spectrometry results state that 'two putative autophosphorylation sites on EPHA6 were identified at pY259 and pY484.'", "confidence": 99, "classification": "established_error"}, {"location": "Methods, postmortem sample pooling; Results and Discussion, sex-specific kinase changes", "description": "There is only one biological pool for each diagnosis-by-sex combination. Technical triplicates cannot estimate variation between subjects or establish a diagnosis-by-sex effect. The stated claim that analyzing chips separately accounts for biological variation, and the resulting inference of sex-specific disease signaling, are unsupported by this design.", "evidence": "Methods state that samples were pooled 'by sex and diagnosis,' producing 'four pooled samples' run in 'technical triplicate.' Results claim the analysis accounts for 'biological variation between male and female subjects'; Discussion infers 'a sex-specific signaling alteration' from decreased activity in female but not male schizophrenia subjects.", "confidence": 98, "classification": "established_error"}, {"location": "Methods, KRSA preprocessing and log2 fold-change calculation", "description": "As written, the method calculates log2 fold changes using ratios of already log-transformed signals. A log ratio of logged intensities is not the log2 fold change of phosphorylation intensity and can distort the magnitudes, rankings, and 0.2 selection threshold. The manuscript does not establish that the calculation instead used unlogged intensities or differences of appropriately transformed logs.", "evidence": "The slope is multiplied by 100 and then log transformed; 'The derived values from the previous steps are used as the final signal ... in the comparative analyses.' Next, 'The signal ratios between pairs of groups ... were used to calculate log2 fold change (LFC),' with peptides selected at an average LFC of at least 0.2.", "confidence": 91, "classification": "suspected_concern"}, {"location": "Methods, recombinant kinase peptide clustering; Abstract and Conclusion, substrate affinity claims", "description": "Detecting phosphorylation at different kinase concentrations does not establish substrate affinity. These thresholds also depend on catalytic turnover, active enzyme fraction, and assay detection, so the screen cannot support the claimed differences in affinity from the stated measurements alone.", "evidence": "'High Affinity' means phosphorylation at the lowest protein concentration, 'Medium Affinity' means activity beginning at the medium concentration, and 'Low Affinity' means activity only at the highest concentration. The abstract and conclusion characterize the resulting kinase-substrate interactions as having 'variable degrees of affinity.'", "confidence": 97, "classification": "established_error"}, {"location": "Results, recombinant kinase screening hit counts; Abstract and Conclusion, total interaction count", "description": "The reported peptide-hit counts total 201 rather than the claimed 195 interactions: EPHA6 53, TNK1 63, AATK 65, INSRR 15, and LTK 5. No stated consolidation or deduplication explains the six-interaction difference, leaving the central quantitative result inconsistent with the presented screening counts.", "evidence": "Results report EPHA6 counts of 18 high, 31 medium, and 4 low; TNK1/AATK/INSRR/LTK high counts of 26/9/3/3, medium counts of 31/46/4/1, and low counts of 6/10/8/1. The abstract and conclusion report '195' novel kinase-substrate interactions.", "confidence": 90, "classification": "suspected_concern"}], "B": [{"location": "Results, recombinant kinase screening; Abstract and Conclusion", "description": "The reported interaction total conflicts with the per-kinase affinity counts. The listed bins sum to 201 interactions (EPHA6 53, TNK1 63, AATK 65, INSRR 15, LTK 5), while the abstract and conclusion report 195; no exclusion or alternate counting rule is given.", "evidence": "Results: EPHA6 has 18 high-, 31 medium-, and 4 low-affinity peptides; TNK1, AATK, INSRR, and LTK have respectively 26/9/3/3 high, 31/46/4/1 medium, and 6/10/8/1 low-affinity peptides. These sum to 201. Abstract and Conclusion: “we identified 195 novel kinase-substrate interactions.”", "confidence": 98, "classification": "established_error"}, {"location": "Methods, postmortem subject cohort description", "description": "The schizophrenia cohort total does not match its sex-specific counts: 8 male plus 9 female subjects is 17, not 16. The reported cohort size is internally inconsistent.", "evidence": "“schizophrenia (16, M:8 and F:9) subjects”", "confidence": 99, "classification": "established_error"}, {"location": "Methods, human kinome assay; Results, sex-specific SCZ analyses", "description": "Pooling all subjects within each diagnosis-by-sex group leaves one biological pool per group; technical triplicates cannot estimate between-subject variability. Thus the reported disease and sex-specific differences cannot support population-level inference from these samples, although they may describe the pooled specimens.", "evidence": "Methods: “samples were pooled by diagnosis and sex. Pooled samples were run in technical triplicate to account for variability.” Results report “a strong reduction of global phosphorylation in both male and female subjects” and that peptide sets were enriched in females “whereas the same peptides sets were not enriched in the male kinome profiles.”", "confidence": 96, "classification": "suspected_concern"}]}