Match reviewer flags to reference annotations. Model identities are withheld. Do not browse or access unrelated files. This is semantic matching, not verification of the scientific truth of the reference annotation or reviewer allegation. For each annotation, list zero-based prediction indexes whose specific faulty mechanism agrees with it at a compatible location. A generic criticism, request for improvements, missing justification in a different theorem, or mere shared topic is NOT a match. A genuinely equivalent precise counterexample or algebraic explanation may match. Empty lists mean no match. References can be vague: when the reference gives no mechanism, a named-location criticism is insufficient unless it explicitly corresponds to the reference claim; explain uncertainty. Evaluate both A and B by identical standards. Include a short rationale for each; do not provide an internal reasoning walkthrough. Return JSON only matching the schema.

{"annotations": [{"location": "Overview", "description": "The problem is that there is a significant flaw in how the experiment was designed in the Multi-granularity section, which affects the reliability of the resulting data analysis and the validity of the study’s conclusions."}], "A": [{"location": "Introduction: paragraph beginning 'Therefore, we propose TSAR-MVS' and contributions 1–3; related-work paragraph mentioning TSAR-MVS; abstract and conclusion", "description": "The manuscript gives incompatible definitions of its proposed method and misattributes novelty. The introduction proposes TSAR-MVS with filtering, superpixel refinement and edge/line segmentation, while the abstract, ablations and conclusion propose MSP-MVS with segmentation-guided patch deformation, anchor equidistribution and iterative local search. The related-work section also identifies TSAR-MVS as an existing method. These are different algorithmic contributions, so the introduction's claims about the method being introduced contradict the manuscript's own method identification and attribution.", "evidence": "Introduction: 'we propose TSAR-MVS, a generalized post-processing MVS method that sequentially applies confidence-based outliers filtering, superpixel-based local refinement, and feature-based area generation'. Related work: 'TSAR-MVS (Yuan et al. 2024b) attempt to employ superpixel planarization'. Conclusion: 'we introduce MSP-MVS' and 'we introduce anchor equidistribution' and 'we present ILS optimization'.", "confidence": 99, "classification": "established_error"}], "B": [{"location": "Abstract; Introduction (paragraph beginning ‘Therefore, we propose TSAR-MVS’); Conclusion", "description": "The manuscript describes two materially different proposed systems, so its reported results cannot be attributed to a coherent, specified method. The abstract and conclusion identify MSP-MVS and describe Semantic-SAM multi-granularity edges, anchor equidistribution, and iterative local search. The introduction instead proposes TSAR-MVS and describes confidence/disparity filtering, superpixel RANSAC with weighted-median refinement, and Roberts/Hough segmentation. The related-work section also lists TSAR-MVS as prior work. These accounts conflict on both the method's identity and its core algorithm.", "evidence": "Abstract: ‘Consequently, we introduce Multi-granularity Segmentation Prior Multi-View Stereo (MSP-MVS)’ and ‘we introduce iterative local search optimization’; Introduction: ‘Therefore, we propose TSAR-MVS’ followed by ‘confidence-based outliers filtering, superpixel-based local refinement, and feature-based area generation’; later related work: ‘TSAR-MVS (Yuan et al. 2024b)’; Conclusion: ‘we introduce MSP-MVS’.", "confidence": 99, "classification": "established_error"}]}