Match reviewer flags to reference annotations. Model identities are withheld. Do not browse or access unrelated files. This is semantic matching, not verification of the scientific truth of the reference annotation or reviewer allegation. For each annotation, list zero-based prediction indexes whose specific faulty mechanism agrees with it at a compatible location. A generic criticism, request for improvements, missing justification in a different theorem, or mere shared topic is NOT a match. A genuinely equivalent precise counterexample or algebraic explanation may match. Empty lists mean no match. References can be vague: when the reference gives no mechanism, a named-location criticism is insufficient unless it explicitly corresponds to the reference claim; explain uncertainty. Evaluate both A and B by identical standards. Include a short rationale for each; do not provide an internal reasoning walkthrough. Return JSON only matching the schema.

{"annotations": [{"location": "Table 2", "description": "The values or entries in Table 2 are inconsistent or incorrect compared to reliable sources or other parts of the document, indicating a need for data verification and correction."}], "A": [], "B": [{"location": "Comparison with PyZX, paragraph beginning ‘Compared to PyZX’", "description": "The comparative performance conclusions are not auditable from the supplied manuscript text: it refers to Table I but provides only the table caption, without measurements or experimental protocol. The stated runtime and memory advantages, RZ-count comparison, and average circuit-depth result therefore cannot be checked.", "evidence": "‘Compared to PyZX, Qsyn tended to optimize circuits with shorter program runtimes and lower memory usage.’ ‘For circuit statistics, Qsyn achieved either smaller or equal RZ-counts and, on average, shallower circuits.’ The text then gives only the Table I caption, ‘COMPARISON WITH PYZX [1] ON THE GATE-LEVEL SYNTHESIS STAGE TIME UNIT: s, MEMORY UNIT: MiB.’", "confidence": 73, "classification": "suspected_concern"}]}