Match reviewer flags to reference annotations. Model identities are withheld. Do not browse or access unrelated files. This is semantic matching, not verification of the scientific truth of the reference annotation or reviewer allegation. For each annotation, list zero-based prediction indexes whose specific faulty mechanism agrees with it at a compatible location. A generic criticism, request for improvements, missing justification in a different theorem, or mere shared topic is NOT a match. A genuinely equivalent precise counterexample or algebraic explanation may match. Empty lists mean no match. References can be vague: when the reference gives no mechanism, a named-location criticism is insufficient unless it explicitly corresponds to the reference claim; explain uncertainty. Evaluate both A and B by identical standards. Include a short rationale for each; do not provide an internal reasoning walkthrough. Return JSON only matching the schema.

{"annotations": [{"location": "Sec 5", "description": "The problem is that Section 5 compares baselines that are not directly comparable, which could lead to misleading or confusing interpretations of the results."}], "A": [{"location": "Reproducibility; Random baseline", "description": "The claim that all experiments are completely reproducible is not established by the stated rationale. The reported Random baseline averages three random seeds, but the manuscript does not specify their values or the random-number setup, so the reported baseline cannot be regenerated from the described procedure.", "evidence": "“All the experiments are completely reproducible since our selection methods are deterministic and sampling is disabled during LLM generation.” The baseline description says: “Random: We report the average result of 3 different random seeds.”", "confidence": 76, "classification": "suspected_concern"}], "B": [{"location": "Comparison with CTQScorer, Table 2 discussion", "description": "The claimed lead over CTQScorer is confounded by different example databases and test-set versions. Comparing these COMET scores cannot isolate the selection method or establish that the proposed selector performs better than CTQScorer.", "evidence": "The manuscript states, 'Our proposed methods secure all the highest scores on all 6 translation directions,' but also states that CTQScorer uses Europarl and ParaCrawl and is evaluated on FLORES-101, whereas the proposed methods use WikiMatrix and FLORES+. It acknowledges that these differences 'may lead to an unequal comparison.'", "confidence": 88, "classification": "suspected_concern"}]}