Match reviewer flags to reference annotations. Model identities are withheld. Do not browse or access unrelated files. This is semantic matching, not verification of the scientific truth of the reference annotation or reviewer allegation. For each annotation, list zero-based prediction indexes whose specific faulty mechanism agrees with it at a compatible location. A generic criticism, request for improvements, missing justification in a different theorem, or mere shared topic is NOT a match. A genuinely equivalent precise counterexample or algebraic explanation may match. Empty lists mean no match. References can be vague: when the reference gives no mechanism, a named-location criticism is insufficient unless it explicitly corresponds to the reference claim; explain uncertainty. Evaluate both A and B by identical standards. Include a short rationale for each; do not provide an internal reasoning walkthrough. Return JSON only matching the schema.

{"annotations": [{"location": "Sec 4.2, 4.3", "description": "The error is related to potentially incorrect metric calculations in Sections 4.2 and 4.3, meaning the statistical results reported in these sections may be inaccurate or misleading and require further validation."}], "A": [], "B": [{"location": "Method, Dynamic Weight Fusion Block description, paragraph following Equation (5)", "description": "The stated spatial sharing of the fusion weight contradicts the claimed spatially adaptive frame selection. A channel-mixing weight shared across spatial positions applies the same frame/channel coefficients everywhere, so that operation cannot assign different fusion weights to well-exposed and badly exposed locations as claimed.", "evidence": "The block is said to \"spatially and adaptively select useful information across frames\", selecting reference information in well-exposed regions and non-reference information in badly exposed regions. The subsequent fusion step instead uses \"the weight Δw that is shared in spatial dimension and fully connected in channel dimension\".", "confidence": 95, "classification": "established_error"}]}